# app

## Use the SAM CLI to build and test Lambda Functions locally

Change into the app directory:

```bash
$ cd app
```

Build your application with the `sam build` command. Make sure to build the SAM app
with -b into the root directory of the project.

```bash
app$ sam build -b ../.aws-sam  # wrapped as `./sam_build`
```

The SAM CLI installs dependencies defined in `src/requirements.txt`, creates a deployment package, and saves it in the `.aws-sam/build` folder.

Test a single function by invoking it directly with a test event. An event is a JSON document that represents the input that the function receives from the event source. Test events are included in the `events` folder in this project.

Run functions locally and invoke them with the `sam_local_invoke` command.  Note that this is a special script that wraps a `sam local invoke` SAM call.

```bash
app$ ./sam_local_invoke LambdaEdgeFunction --event events/event.json
```

## Add a resource to your application

The application template uses AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM) to define application resources. AWS SAM is an extension of AWS CloudFormation with a simpler syntax for configuring common serverless application resources such as functions, triggers, and APIs. For resources not included in [the SAM specification](https://github.com/awslabs/serverless-application-model/blob/master/versions/2016-10-31.md), you can use standard [AWS CloudFormation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-template-resource-type-ref.html) resource types.

## Fetch, tail, and filter Lambda function logs

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line. In addition to printing the logs on the terminal, this command has several nifty features to help you quickly find the bug.

`NOTE`: This command works for all AWS Lambda functions; not just the ones you deploy using SAM.

```bash
sam-app$ sam logs -n LamdaEdgeFunction --stack-name sam-app --tail
```

You can find more information and examples about filtering Lambda function logs in the [SAM CLI Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-logging.html).

## Unit tests

Tests are defined in the `tests` folder in this project. Use PIP to install the [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/) and run unit tests.

```bash
sam-app$ pip install pytest pytest-mock --user
sam-app$ python -m pytest tests/ -v
```

## Cleanup

To delete the sample application and the bucket that you created, use the AWS CLI.

```bash
sam-app$ aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name sam-app
sam-app$ aws s3 rb s3://BUCKET_NAME
```

## Resources

See the [AWS SAM developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/what-is-sam.html) for an introduction to SAM specification, the SAM CLI, and serverless application concepts.

Next, you can use AWS Serverless Application Repository to deploy ready to use Apps that go beyond hello world samples and learn how authors developed their applications: [AWS Serverless Application Repository main page](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/serverlessrepo/)
